[RLlib] Discussion 2022: Fix batch_mode="complete_episodes" documentation inaccuracy. (#22074)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-sample-collection.rst

     It does not matter, whether one or more episodes end within this rollout or whether
     the rollout starts in the middle of an already ongoing episode.
    *complete_episodes*:
     Each rollout always only contains completed episodes (at least one, but possibly more) and always starts
     at the beginning of an episode. The ``rollout_fragment_length`` setting defines the minimum number of
     timesteps that will be covered in the rollout. For example, if ``rollout_fragment_length=100`` and your episodes
     are always 98 timesteps long, all rollouts will happen over two complete episodes

>      (98 < 100 -> too short; 98+98 >= 100 -> good).

Reviewer: does this mean that the fragment that is returned is 196 timesteps long, or that we take 2 timesteps from the second episode and append them with the first episode when returning the rollout fragment? I think we should document the answer to this question.

Author: Good point! The returned fragment is indeed 196 timesteps long (2 *complete* episodes). I'll clarify this in the text.

>      Each rollout always only contains completed episodes (at least one, but possibly more) and always starts
>      at the beginning of an episode. The ``rollout_fragment_length`` setting defines the minimum number of
>      timesteps that will be covered in the rollout. For example, if ``rollout_fragment_length=100`` and your episodes
>      are always 98 timesteps long, all rollouts will happen over two complete episodes
>      (98 < 100 -> too short; 98+98 >= 100 -> good).

Author: ```suggestion
     Each rollout always only contains **full** episodes (from beginning to terminal), never any episode fragments. The number of episodes in the rollout is 1 or larger.
     The ``rollout_fragment_length`` setting defines the minimum number of
     timesteps that will be covered in the rollout.
     For example, if ``rollout_fragment_length=100`` and your episodes are always 98 timesteps long, then rollouts will happen over two complete episodes and always be 196 timesteps long: 98 < 100 -> too short, keep rollout going; 98+98 >= 100 -> good, stop rollout after 2 episodes (196 timesteps).
```

>      Note that you have to be careful when chosing ``complete_episodes`` as batch_mode: If your environment does not

Reviewer: I think that chosing should instead be -> choosing

>      Note that you have to be careful when chosing ``complete_episodes`` as batch_mode: If your environment does not

Author: ```suggestion
     Note that you have to be careful when choosing ``complete_episodes`` as batch_mode: If your environment does not
```
